Gh-380: Update user guide querying section (#393)
gchq/gaffer-doc: docs/user-guide/query/gaffer-syntax/operations.md

# Operations

Querying in Gaffer is all mainly based around whats called "Operations". You can
think of these as lots of small functions/commands that can be either standalone

> or chained together into an Operation Chain to form more complex query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or be chained together into an Operation Chain to form more complex query
```

pipelines.

If you have ever used a shell language such as
[bash](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/) Gaffer queries work on a similar
principal where you have lots of smaller self contained commands (aka
Operations) that can work together to form more complicated use cases.

The general structure of an Operation when using JSON via the rest API looks
like the following:

```json
{
    "class": "Operation",
    "input": "Input"
}
```

> As you can see its fairly simple, we first define the Operation we wish to use

Reviewer 2: "it's", though I think it could just be:
```suggestion
Using Operations is fairly simple, we first define the Operation we wish to use
```

with the `class` key which needs to be an available Operation in Gaffer. Then
if applicable, we give the Operation some sort of input using the `input` key.
Not all Operations require an input but more often that not some user input is
required, the [reference guide](../../../reference/operations-guide/core.md) has
a full list of all Operations and example usage.

!!! tip
    To get a list of all available Operations for a graph you can use the
    endpoint `/graph/operations`

## Operation Chains

> The Operations in Gaffer can be chained together to form complex queries on the
> graph. This page will give some general example usage of how you can chain
> Operations together.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Operations in Gaffer can be chained together to form complex graph queries.
This page will give some general example usage of how you can chain Operations
together.
```

    === "JSON"

        ```json
        {
            "class" : "OperationChain",
            "operations" : [
                {
                    "class": "GetElements",
                    "input": [
                        {
                            "class": "EntitySeed",
                            "vertex": "v1"
                        }
                    ]
                },
                {
                    "class" : "Count"
                }
            ]
        }
        ```
    === "Python"

        ```python
        count = g_connector.execute_operation_chain(
            operation_chain = gaffer.OperationChain(
                operations=[
                    gaffer.GetElements(input = [gaffer.EntitySeed(vertex = "v1")]),
                    gaffer.Count()
                ]
            )
        )
        ```

    === "Java"

        ```java
        OperationChain<Long> countElements = new OperationChain.Builder()
            .first(new GetElements.Builder().input(new EntitySeed("v1")).build())
            .then(new Count<>())
            .build();

        Long result = graph.execute(countElements, user);
        ```

> To chain operations its important to take note of what each operations input and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To chain operations it's important to take note of what each operations input and
```
